[docs]: add missing alt texts. (#662)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/pull-requests.md

In the GitHub flow, each programming task starts with a GitHub _issue_. In the issue you describe
the task, defect, or feature, and log all discussions and related commits.

![Github Issue Page](images/pr-GitHub-issue.png)

To start a Gitpod workspace for an issue, either prefix the issue's URL in the address bar with
`https://gitpod.io/#` or click on the `Gitpod` button that comes with the [Gitpod browser
extension](/docs/browser-extension/). Gitpod will start your cloud workspace in a new browser tab.

> ![Gitpod Workspace for the Issue](images/pr-gitpod-started.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Gitpod Workspace started from an Issue](images/pr-gitpod-started.png)
```
